GENERAL TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY

ARTICLE 1: TERMS OF USER ACCOUNTS

You must be older than 18 years old to use the Orchid Garden service. You must provide the full name, current address, correct email and relevant information necessary to fully enjoy our user support policy. You need to know that Orchid Garden will use your email as a primary communication method between the two parties. You are obliged to secure your own password. Orchid Garden does not commit any damage to the user if it comes from your failure to secure your own password. You take full responsibility for the data, images, reports, and links you put on your Orchid Garden account. You must not include any viruses or code that affects your Orchid Garden account or The Orchid Garden provider's general management system. Any breach of these terms of use will be terminated immediately, including all services that you are using by Orchid Garden. When you register an account on Orchid Garden, you will be supported to open 1 more sales account on GoMUA e-commerce platform ( if you do not have a sales account on GoMUA)

ARTICLE 2: ACCOUNT ACTIVATION

Subscribers to the service will be considered as account holders and will be affected by the entire terms of use of the service. If the subscriber to Orchid Garden's services is your employee, then your employee is the owner of the account.

Article 3: general conditions you need to read and agree to the full terms of Service used below before becoming a user of Orchid Garden.

Orchid Garden provides you with a service plan with the shelf life and price listed on our Website, you have the right to use this service plan within the authorized period. After the registration period, the service will be temporarily locked or discontinued. You may not use Orchid Garden's services for anything illegal. This applies to the laws of each country where you do business as well as the laws of Vietnam. You are not entitled to copy or sell or use this clause for personal purposes without the written permission of Orchid Garden. You may not use any marketing tools related to Search engines or keyword buying methods (such as Google Adwords) that contain copyright images, the Orchid Garden logo. Any questions about the terms of service you may submit orchidgardensask@gmail.com you should be understood that the content information on your website (excluding credit card information) will not be encrypted as securely as credit card information. You acknowledge and agree that you will be bound to this Terms of Use and confidential information

Article 4: Benefits of Orchid Garden

We reserve the right to correct this Terms of service with content consistent with each of our business strategies. We may delete content or any account that contains unlawful, offensive, defamatory, threatening, obscene, or deliberately infringing intellectual property. Users are not allowed: violation of laws, Tuesday's rights or Orchid Garden's product prohibition/restriction policy; use of the service to impersonate any individual/ organization, or misrepresent the individual / organization; Modify the title or edit the format to conceal the origin of any content of the service; remove any proprietary information from Orchid Garden; cause any modification or creation of derivative products from translations of the service without the permission of Orchid Garden; use the service for fraudulent purposes. Edit the price of any product or interfere with other users ' catalogs. Violate Orchid Garden's rating or feedback system; deliberately reverse, disassemble, hack Orchid Garden's tools (or any component); break down encryption technology barriers, security barriers related to Orchid Garden Services or information transferred, processed, stored by Orchid Garden. Exploit or collect any information relating to the user account; upload, post, Send email or publicize any content that is not permitted under any contractual, trustworthy laws or relations (internal information, proprietary information that requires confidentiality or disclosure of Labor Relations without permission); Upload, post, e-mail, transfer or publicize any content that leads to a patent, trademark, business know-how, copyright or any sole interest of any party; upload, post, e-mail, transfer or publicize any unauthorized or unlawful advertising, promotional materials, "harassment letters" “ "spam", "character strings", or any other form of advertising; Upload, post, email, transfer or publicize any material containing viruses, trojans or computer code, files or programs designed to interfere with, damage or restrict the functionality of computer hardware/software or telecommunications equipment. Interrupt conversations, speed up screen speeds more than usual to draft or perform actions that negatively affect the user's ability to participate in real transactions. Interfering with, controlling or disrupting the service, the server, the network connected to the service or to the user's use of the service or failure to comply with the requirements, processes, policies and laws of the network related to Orchid Garden; acts or engages directly/ indirectly in destroying, disabling, overloading, undermining Orchid Garden, the server or network connected to Orchid Garden; acts or engages directly / indirectly in destroying, disabling, overloading, undermining Orchid Garden, the server or network connected to Orchid Garden; Use Orchid Garden to violate local, National, International (with or without effect) laws, statutes, directives, guidelines, policies (with or without effect) deliberately or unintentionally in relation to money laundering or terrorism prevention; use Orchid Garden to violate or break any sanctions or sanctions administered or enforced by the relevant authorities. Use Orchid Garden to compromise the privacy of others, stealthily track or harass other users. Infringement of Orchid Garden's rights, including intellectual property rights and reputation associated with it. Use the service to collect or store other users ' personal data that is related to prohibited acts and activities as mentioned above. List Tuesday Tuesday's goods, copyright infringement, trademarks and other intellectual property rights, and use services on Orchid Garden in ways that may infringe third-party intellectual property rights. Delete any deliberately infringing or offensive accounts whether verbally or in writing to Orchid Garden customers, Orchid Garden employees, Orchid Garden Company. Orchid Garden does not preview or browse any information content on the user's website, they are responsible for their content. We reserve the right to provide services to your competitors or not commit to exclusive rights to any partner for each segment. In the event of a dispute to account ownership, we reserve the full right to request documents used to validate your account ownership. Documents may include, and are not limited to, copies of your business license, ID card, identity card, etc.Orchid Garden reserves the right to decide on the legal ownership of the account and may transfer this right to a valid owner. If we cannot determine the correct ownership, Orchid Garden will freeze this account until a conclusion is determined between the Parties ' Disputes.

ARTICLE 5: LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

You must understand and agree that Orchid Garden will not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect or incidental, in particular for damages of profitability, reputation, right to use, data or other invisible damages when using the service. In no event will Orchid Garden or other service provider cooperating with us be liable for damages to profits or other damages resulting from a connection to our website, our services or this agreement. You also understand that individuals directly related to us such as Orchid Garden Company, Orchid Garden partner, Orchid Garden staff are also not responsible for any damages. If you use any Tuesday partner's services, you are subject to commitments made by them. Our services and products are the most basic thing we provide to you and are not subject to any statutory warranty terms. Orchid Garden does not guarantee that the services we provide will be uninterrupted, unsecured or error-free. Orchid Garden does not guarantee that the results obtained from the use of our services are accurate and reliable. Orchid Garden does not guarantee the quality of any product, service, information or any product you purchase or own through our services will achieve what you expect, if any errors arise, we will fix in the conditions permitted.

ARTICLE 6: ABANDONMENT AND COMPLETION OF THE PLEDGE

If Orchid Garden has wronged or improperly made any of the provisions set forth in this Terms of use, it does not mean that it is cancelled. We will constantly update the terms of use in the direction that brings the best benefits to both our customers and US. This terms of Use shall be deemed to be the full consent between you and Orchid Garden and govern your use of our services (not limited to any version of this Terms of use).

ARTICLE 7: INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND CUSTOMER CONTENT

All of the websites and applications you provide are copyrighted and owned by our service provider, Mediastep Software Inc., based in Vancouver, BC, Canada. We do not claim any intellectual property rights to the materials you provide for Orchid Garden's services. All materials you put on your website (through Orchid Garden's service) are your own ownership. You can delete your store at any time by deleting your own account. This also means that you delete all content you are hosting at our service. By uploading your content on your store, you agree to: (a) Allow other internet users to view the content of your website (b) allow Orchid Garden to display and store such content (C) Orchid Garden can view the data that you have uploaded. You retain full ownership of the content on your website when you upload us; however, when you publish it means that you agree to view it. You are responsible for the entire content you bring up in accordance with the law or not. We will not disclose any of your information to Tuesday partners, except in cases where such a request is required in the event of a dispute with the right to use the services. Confidential information includes any material or information you provide to us without the public's knowledge. Confidential information does not include information (a) that was publicized at the time we received it; (b) or have come from domains that are publicly available after we receive but that do not come from our fault; (c) or your information we receive from more than one person or (d) we are required by law 

ARTICLE 8: REGISTRATION OF E-COMMERCE WEBSITE WITH MINISTRY OF INDUSTRY AND TRADE 

Orchid Garden recommends that customers register an e-commerce website for domain names customers purchased through Orchid Garden or owned with the Ministry of industry and trade of Vietnam, if you have e-commerce activities in Vietnam. Orchid Garden does not support customer registration.

ARTICLE 9: CANCELLATION OF SERVICES

You can cancel your account at any time by emailing us to email orchidgardensask@gmail.com and then we will send you detailed instructions. Once the cancellation order is confirmed, all content on your website will be deleted immediately. If you cancel the service around the middle of your billing cycle, you will receive a full payment notification via email. Our current expenses are not refunded. We reserve the right to change or cancel Orchid Garden's services for any reason without notice. 

ARTICLE 10: REVISION OF SERVICES AND PRICES

The cost of using Orchid Garden if any changes will be notified 30 days in advance. Orchid Garden has the full right to change or stop the service. Orchid Garden is not responsible for you or any Tuesday partners when they change their prices or stop their services. 

ARTICLE 11: OPTIONAL TOOLS

Orchid Garden may give you the right to use the tools of other Tuesday partners that Orchid Garden has connected with them. You must understand and agree that Orchid Garden provides the right to use these companies without guaranteeing anything, or to represent that partner. Orchid Garden does not assume any responsibility in connection with Tuesday's partner. Any action you take to Tuesday's partner's tool will be your sole responsibility. We recommend that you learn carefully and listen to advice from previous users to get a better grasp when using Tuesday's service. 

ARTICLE 12: PRIVACY POLICY

The purpose and scope of collecting data mainly on Orchid Garden include: email, phone, userName, login password, user address. This is the information that Orchid Garden members need to provide mandatory when registering to use the service and for Orchid Garden contact confirm when customers register to use the service on the website to ensure benefits for consumers. Members will be solely responsible for the security and retention of any use of the services under their registered names, passwords and e-mail boxes. In addition, members are responsible for promptly informing Orchid Garden multichannel sales management platform about unauthorized use, abuse, security breaches, retention of Tuesday's registration name and password for appropriate resolution measures. Scope of Use multichannel sales management platform information Orchid Garden uses membership information provided to: - provide services to members – - send notifications of information exchange activities between members and multichannel sales management platform Orchid Garden; - Prevent activities that destroy user accounts of members or activities forged members; – communicate and resolve with members in exceptional circumstances. - Do not use your personal information other than for confirmation and contact purposes related to transactions at Orchid Garden. - In case of legal requirements: Orchid Garden multichannel sales management platform is responsible for cooperating to provide personal information members when requested from the judiciary including: Procuratorate, courts, police agencies investigating related to certain violations of the law of customers. In addition, no one has the right to infringe on the member's personal information. The storage period of the member's personal data will be stored until a request is made to cancel or the member himself logs in and performs the cancellation. Remaining in any case the member's personal information will be confidential on Orchid Garden's server. Address of personal information collection and management unit Mediastep Software Vietnam Co., Ltd Head Office: 12th floor, VietJet Plaza building, 60A Truong Son, P.2, p.Tan Binh, HCMC.HCM, Vietnam Email: orchidgardensask@gmail.com means and tools for users to access and edit their personal data. Members have the right to self-check, update, adjust or cancel their personal information by logging into the account and editing personal information or asking Orchid Garden to do so. Members have the right to file a complaint about the disclosure of personal information to the 3rd party to the management of the Orchid Garden E-Commerce Exchange. When receiving these responses, Orchid Garden will confirm the information, must be responsible for answering the reasons and instructing members to restore and secure the information. Email: orchidgardensask@gmail.com commitment to the security of personal information customer personal information of members on Orchid Garden is committed by Orchid Garden absolute privacy under the Privacy Policy of Orchid Garden. The collection and use of the information of each member is carried out only with the consent of that customer except in cases where the law has other provisions. Do not use, transfer, provide or disclose to any third party your personal information without your consent. In the event that the information server is attacked by a hacker leading to the loss of personal data, Orchid Garden will be responsible for notifying the case to the investigating authorities in time and notifying the members. Absolute confidentiality of all online transaction information of the member including invoice information accounting vouchers digitized at the Level 1 secure Central Data area of Orchid Garden. Orchid Garden management requires that individuals, when registering/making purchases as members, provide all relevant personal information such as: full name, contacts, email, Identity Card Number, Phone Number, Account Number, IDE payment card number, and be responsible for the legality of the above information. Orchid Garden management is neither responsible nor responsible for any claims relating to the rights of such member if it deems all personal information provided by such member upon initial registration to be inaccurate.
